README.md, before:

# Simple Stock Trading Web Application

## Objective
Develop a simple stock trading web application that allows users to view, buy, and sell stocks while managing their wallet and applying brokerage fees.

## UI Preview
![App UI](src/assets/ui.png)

## Features

1. **View Available Stocks**
   - Display a list of stocks with:
     - Stock symbol (e.g., AAPL, GOOG)
     - Current price per stock
     - Available stock quantity

2. **User Wallet**
   - Each user starts with a wallet balance of $1000
   - Wallet updates automatically after buying or selling stocks

3. **Buying Stocks**
   - Users can buy any number of stocks, if they have sufficient funds
   - Wallet balance is updated according to stock price and quantity
   - Purchases are prevented if:
     - Requested quantity exceeds available stocks
     - Wallet balance is insufficient

4. **Selling Stocks**
   - Users can sell any stock they own
   - Deducts 1% brokerage fee on the total sale value
   - Wallet balance is updated after deducting brokerage fee

5. **Transaction History**
   - Maintains a log of all transactions including:
     - Stock symbol
     - Number of stocks
     - Transaction type (buy/sell)
     - Amount involved
     - Brokerage fees (for sales)

Commit message:

Add local run instructions to README
Added instructions for running the project locally, including cloning the repository, installing dependencies, and starting the development server.

README.md, after:

# Simple Stock Trading Web Application

## Objective
Develop a simple stock trading web application that allows users to view, buy, and sell stocks while managing their wallet and applying brokerage fees.

## UI Preview
![App UI](src/assets/ui.png)

## How to Run Project Locally

### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd <your-project-folder>
```

### 2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

- Opens the app in your browser at [http://localhost:5174](http://localhost:5174/)
- The app uses `localStorage` to persist wallet balance and transaction history across reloads


## Features

1. **View Available Stocks**
   - Display a list of stocks with:
     - Stock symbol (e.g., AAPL, GOOG)
     - Current price per stock
     - Available stock quantity

2. **User Wallet**
   - Each user starts with a wallet balance of $1000
   - Wallet updates automatically after buying or selling stocks

3. **Buying Stocks**
   - Users can buy any number of stocks, if they have sufficient funds
   - Wallet balance is updated according to stock price and quantity
   - Purchases are prevented if:
     - Requested quantity exceeds available stocks
     - Wallet balance is insufficient

4. **Selling Stocks**
   - Users can sell any stock they own
   - Deducts 1% brokerage fee on the total sale value
   - Wallet balance is updated after deducting brokerage fee

5. **Transaction History**
   - Maintains a log of all transactions including:
     - Stock symbol
     - Number of stocks
     - Transaction type (buy/sell)
     - Amount involved
     - Brokerage fees (for sales)
